Add Signer groups and rotation (#938)
entropyxyz/entropy-core: CHANGELOG.md

### Added 
- Jumpstart network ([#918](https://github.com/entropyxyz/entropy-core/pull/918))
- Add Signer groups and rotation ([#938](https://github.com/entropyxyz/entropy-core/pull/938))

### Breaking Changes

> - In [#938](https://github.com/entropyxyz/entropy-core/pull/938) As the network readys for signer subgroups `Signers` are added to the chain config, currently the creation of the config file should select and assign them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In [#938](https://github.com/entropyxyz/entropy-core/pull/938), the chainspec got a couple of new
  fields, `pallet_staking_extension::initial_signers`, `pallet_parameters::total_signers`, and
  `pallet_parameters::threshold`, which are used to set up the initial threshold signing
  configuration for the network.
```
